[09:01:55] <scott_gonzalez> jzaefferer Dave_Stein kborchers mikesherov rxaviers tj_vantoll
[09:02:19] <kborchers> in a meeting be there shortly
[09:02:30] <tj_vantoll> hey
[09:02:31] <Dave_Stein> here i am
[09:02:33] <rxaviers> ping
[09:02:36] <mikesherov> hi
[09:02:36] <Dave_Stein> rockin like a hurricane?
[09:02:53] <mikesherov> I thought it was rock YOU like a hurricane?
[09:03:19] <Dave_Stein> you are 100% right says the internet
[09:03:34] <Dave_Stein> man i've been wrong all these years
[09:04:04] <mikesherov> it's OK
[09:04:17] <mikesherov> I thought "pour some sugar on me" was "awesome dudical man"
[09:04:36] <Dave_Stein> haha
[09:05:16] <scott_gonzalez> mikesherov: That may be the best misheard lyric ever.
[09:05:30] <Dave_Stein> i have a meeting at 1230 soo mikesherov do you want to meet up this week at some point and just rock through unit tests? mr scott_gonzalez doesn't want to even think about other widgets until we knock out the tests on draggable
[09:05:31] <mikesherov> you'll never unhear it now
[09:05:44] <mikesherov> Dave_Stein:  sure??
[09:06:02] <Dave_Stein> that didn't seem like a very certain sure
[09:06:09] <mikesherov> virtually, in person, skype?
[09:06:13] <Dave_Stein> also i don't know why I'm on a "rock" kick right now
[09:06:56] <Dave_Stein> whichever you prefer
[09:07:20] <Dave_Stein> and its already wednesday so by "this week" i mean maybe tomorrow night or some weekend time
[09:08:09] <Dave_Stein> when were you planning on spending some time on the tests? i can work around that if anything and skype it up, mainly since as you know I have done zero qunit and am only vaguely familiar with your test helpers
[09:10:34] <scott_gonzalez> Ok, while you guys figure out a date, I'll move on to other items.
[09:10:48] <scott_gonzalez> We couldn't upgrade to grunt 0.4 before the RC release.
[09:10:48] <Dave_Stein> he must have a really busy schedule
[09:10:50] <Dave_Stein> :D
[09:11:13] <scott_gonzalez> Ben is apparently in the middle of making changes to the task API
[09:11:24] <scott_gonzalez> And he re-released 0.1.0 versions for contrib plugins.
[09:11:28] <Dave_Stein> brb
[09:11:30] <scott_gonzalez> So things are currently broken.
[09:11:36] <jzaefferer> here now
[09:11:48] <scott_gonzalez> He's working on pushing out RC releases for everything today.
[09:12:09] <scott_gonzalez> I'm testing against master and working through some issues with him.
[09:13:01] <scott_gonzalez> We launched the multi-version code for download builder.
[09:13:10] <scott_gonzalez> But we currently have it only showing 1 release.
[09:13:16] <scott_gonzalez> It'll stay that way until the 1.10 release.
[09:13:24] <mikesherov> Dave_Stein: let's skype tomorrow night?
[09:13:24] <scott_gonzalez> So far, no issues reported!
[09:13:34] <scott_gonzalez> Good work rxaviers.
[09:13:41] <rxaviers> great ;) thks
[09:13:41] <Dave_Stein> mikesherov eff guy just called me so now im free friday but not tomorrow
[09:14:06] <scott_gonzalez> Next up is migrating the image generation code, right?
[09:14:13] <rxaviers> that's correct
[09:14:24] <scott_gonzalez> For those who don't know, this is what's currently happening:
[09:14:31] <rxaviers> Im putting together on an issue what this will be about
[09:14:49] <scott_gonzalez> The new ThemeRoller is written in node, but delegates out to the old server running the old ThemeRoller code to generate all of the images.
[09:14:58] <Dave_Stein> mikesherov if we skype on friday i'd be good around 630
[09:15:12] <scott_gonzalez> So that's sitting on a server that we're going to kill soon, running some very questionable PHP code.
[09:15:22] <mikesherov> Dave_Stein: ok
[09:16:07] <Dave_Stein> i just need a basic rundown of the standards and where to go. I noticed in some tests I touched you guys even expect the number of assertions which I thought was interesting
[09:16:20] <scott_gonzalez> All of our sites are now on new-css (which is now master).
[09:16:26] <scott_gonzalez> You may have noticed the style change.
[09:16:41] <tj_vantoll> Looks good.
[09:16:59] <rxaviers> also liked it
[09:17:21] <scott_gonzalez> We've still got some more updates to do, and the blog still need to be ported to jquery-wp-content (previously web-base-template).
[09:17:48] <scott_gonzalez> But at least the new sites are using the new HTML/CSS, and properly sharing code across sites.
[09:18:01] <scott_gonzalez> And they have the updated colors and logos.
[09:18:26] <rxaviers> js jQuery code and mobile use this new styles too? So far I see the old pages
[09:18:29] <rxaviers> Is*
[09:18:34] <rxaviers> core*
[09:18:46] <scott_gonzalez> They're not updated yet.
[09:18:50] <scott_gonzalez> But we did get api.jquery.com deployed.
[09:19:04] <scott_gonzalez> danheberden is currently working on the new jquery.com.
[09:19:11] <scott_gonzalez> I have no idea when Mobile plans on deploying.
[09:19:20] <scott_gonzalez> agcolom has been actively working on api.jquerymobile.com for a while.
[09:19:39] <scott_gonzalez> But I haven't heard anything about jquerymobile.com
[09:19:52] <rxaviers> what about sizzle?
[09:20:15] <mikesherov> brb
[09:20:30] <scott_gonzalez> rworth ajpiano: Do we have a timeline showing the order of all sites?
[09:20:33] <rxaviers> it even has a separate domain, wondering if it's going to join the styles too?
[09:20:46] <scott_gonzalez> All sites will.
[09:20:47] <rxaviers> Im just curious
[09:20:50] <scott_gonzalez> It's just a question of how soon.
[09:20:57] <rxaviers> cool
[09:21:04] <scott_gonzalez> We won't have any sites that don't run through jquery-wp-content.
[09:21:05] <rworth> no. That's something I wanted to discuss today with ajpiano
[09:21:48] <scott_gonzalez> You can see the list of sites here: https://github.com/jquery/jquery-wp-content/blob/master/sites.php
[09:22:39] <ajpiano> yes every site will eventually run through web base template
[09:22:53] <ajpiano> let's catch up in a bit then rworth
[09:23:46] <scott_gonzalez> Felix did some testing of jzaefferer's selectmenu updates.
[09:23:58] <scott_gonzalez> But it looks like different people are getting different results with the accesibility testing.
[09:24:13] <scott_gonzalez> So that continues to be annoying.
[09:24:51] <scott_gonzalez> Ticket count is still stable.
[09:25:19] <scott_gonzalez> mikesherov fixed the transparent cssHook issue in both jquery-color and UI.
[09:25:31] <scott_gonzalez> We've got a few of the test failures fixed.
[09:25:55] <scott_gonzalez> But getting results in swarm is still pretty slow.
[09:26:06] <mikesherov> yeah, can't figure the IE7 datepicker one or the selectable one
[09:28:37] <Dave_Stein> and im out
[09:28:37] <scott_gonzalez> Ok, well I should be mostly done with site work next week, so I can start looking into the failure then.
[09:29:33] <scott_gonzalez> mikesherov and I met in person and went through the open PRs.
[09:29:41] <scott_gonzalez> We closed a few and I think landed one or two.
[09:30:37] <scott_gonzalez> We're planning the final release for next week.
[09:30:43] <scott_gonzalez> And that's everything.
[09:30:48] <scott_gonzalez> Anyone else have something to discuss?
[09:30:56] <kborchers> anyone have any further thoughts on my questions here https://github.com/jquery/jquery-ui/pull/880#issuecomment-11952585
[09:31:30] <mikesherov> nope, not me
[09:31:51] <scott_gonzalez> kborchers: You wrote "The issue then is that AT will announce the dialog but nothing will be focused until the animation completes."
[09:31:54] <scott_gonzalez> Is that true?
[09:31:59] <scott_gonzalez> Will the AT announce the dialog on show or on focus?
[09:32:04] <rxaviers> Im good
[09:32:19] <rxaviers> (nothing else to discuss)
[09:32:49] <kborchers> scott_gonzalez: hmm, good point … it was an assumption but if it's not announced until focus (which is most likely) then that is probably the solution
[09:33:11] <scott_gonzalez> Yeah, as long as people don't use long animations, it should probably be fine.
[09:33:32] <scott_gonzalez> Would be good to get a response from Hans about that though.
[09:34:04] <kborchers> ok i'll add another comment to that affect and ping hans on it and see if he responds
[09:34:36] <kborchers> a long animation probably isn't good for AT in general though unless it's announcing what it's doing right?
[09:35:06] <jzaefferer> kborchers: let me know when you updated it, and I can test it along with selectmenu
[09:35:22] <scott_gonzalez> kborchers: I just added a comment.
[09:35:22] <kborchers> jzaefferer: will do
[09:35:28] <kborchers> scott_gonzalez: saw it
[09:35:33] <jzaefferer> Hans is rather scarce these days
[09:35:41] <kborchers> jzaefferer: i'll do it tonight so should be waiting for you tomorrow morning
[09:35:51] <scott_gonzalez> kborchers: Well, if it's focused immediately (like now), then it doesn't matter if it's animated.
[09:36:06] <scott_gonzalez> It's just going to be read as if it weren't being animated.
[09:36:17] <kborchers> scott_gonzalez: true, but that is the cause of issues being fixed :/
[09:36:26] <scott_gonzalez> right
[09:37:11] <scott_gonzalez> It's probably a bit awkward either way for users with screen magnifiers.
[09:37:38] <jzaefferer> why?
[09:38:40] <scott_gonzalez> I think they follow focus.
[09:38:58] <scott_gonzalez> So watching a busted animation because of a focus shift is weird.
[09:39:13] <scott_gonzalez> And if we wait, then there's a lag before the focus shifts.
[09:39:47] <scott_gonzalez> 400ms if probably a low enough delay to be ok.
[09:40:08] <jzaefferer> I can install ZoomText and see what happens - never tried that
[09:40:19] <scott_gonzalez> But I'm sure if there was a 400ms delay on normal click operations, people would be a bit annoyed.
[09:40:56] <scott_gonzalez> I'm just concerned that most AT will act as if nothing is happening for the duration of the animation.
[09:41:17] <scott_gonzalez> And at the same time the users of those AT devices will be used to immediate feedback.
[09:42:50] <kborchers> scott_gonzalez: i wonder if we could move focus to the dialog then after animation move focus to a tabable item in dialog if available
[09:43:14] <kborchers> else just keep focus on dialog and don't trigger focus again
[09:43:15] <scott_gonzalez> I think that'd be worse.
[09:43:20] <kborchers> yeah?
[09:43:33] <scott_gonzalez> Moving focus is really bad.
[09:43:50] <scott_gonzalez> It's going to interrupt a screen reader.
[09:44:12] <kborchers> hmm, ok
[10:59:31] <gnarf> bout time for the jQuery meeting
[10:59:36] <gnarf> infrastructure
[10:59:55] <gnarf> ryanneufeld Krinkle jzaefferer mikesherov + anyone else
[11:00:01] <Guest8690> Good afternoon all
[11:00:12] <Krinkle> pong
[11:00:25] <gnarf> https://docs.google.com/document/d/1JUfGj8dQH3Q4JoBOlNnfDFrESzMt6LhktXsmtPYocXI/edit
[11:01:07] <gnarf> so quick update
[11:01:16] <gnarf> we increased the cache time on jq01 (wordpress) to 2 minutes
[11:01:23] <gnarf> it totally saved our load average
[11:01:25] <Guest8690> I am located in NYC and my company just released a new jQuery framework. Here is the link  http://jquerycoded.com
[11:01:55] <mikesherov> hi
[11:02:17] <Guest8690> Devs in NYC what kind of meetup groups would you like to see?
[11:04:35] <gnarf> http://citadel.jquery.com/zabbix/history.php?action=showgraph&itemid=22610&period=172800 (re the load average)
[11:04:58] <gnarf> mikesherov: i think I'm gonna look at supervisor for mergeatron this week
[11:05:08] <gnarf> mikesherov: is there any other issues there we need to work on?
[11:05:16] <scott_gonzalez> Guest8690: These announcements/questions are not appropriate for this channel.
[11:05:19] <mikesherov> gnarf: that's cool, I'm not sure supervisor is the problem here
[11:05:37] <gnarf> Guest8690: This is a meeting of the jQuery Infrastructure team, please take discussion/community topics to #jquery
[11:05:54] <mikesherov> mergeatron is having issues connecting to both github and Jenkins at certain times
[11:06:14] <Guest8690> mybad. stay awesome guys.
[11:06:38] <mikesherov> We're upgrading it to also tracking not just build status but build notification status so it can retry if github craps out
[11:06:38] <gnarf> mikesherov: what can we do about it?
[11:06:58] <mikesherov> It retries jenkins, but it doesn't and can't currently retry github
[11:07:03] <mikesherov> so it needs that
[11:07:08] <gnarf> alright
[11:07:21] <gnarf> either way we still need a restarting process tho right?
[11:07:35] <mikesherov> gnarf: sure, it wouldn't hurt :-P
[11:07:40] <gnarf> k
[11:07:40] <mikesherov> and then it needs to be puppetized too
[11:07:43] <gnarf> yup
[11:08:00] <gnarf> Krinkle: any news from browserstack issues, i saw a few topics this week
[11:08:05] <gnarf> and ryanneufeld - do you have anything?
[11:08:15] <mikesherov> gnarf: it looks like mergeatron has been up the whole time
[11:08:27] <mikesherov> and it also probably needs a standard way to log
[11:08:44] <gnarf> mikesherov: we've been using simple log from scott_gonzalez
[11:08:47] <Krinkle> gnarf: Nothing yet
[11:09:09] <scott_gonzalez> https://github.com/jquery/node-logger
[11:09:10] <mikesherov> gnarf: sure, I mean, I just don't know where it's supposed to log to, and the logrotate policy, etc.
[11:09:21] <gnarf> mikesherov: simple-log just uses syslog
[11:09:30] <scott_gonzalez> It logs to syslog, so you setup the logging system on the server.
[11:09:30] <mikesherov> which takes care of that?
[11:09:41] <scott_gonzalez> But you can tell it to log to the console for dev.
[11:09:55] <gnarf> mikesherov: by default, it goes to /var/log/messages or whatever
[11:10:02] <mikesherov> right
[11:10:04] <gnarf> we can split it out by program in the syslog conf
[11:10:09] <scott_gonzalez> It exposes the console.log() API.
[11:10:13] <mikesherov> right
[11:10:23] <mikesherov> sure, that's great
[11:10:36] <mikesherov> I know about syslog, I guess I'm asking who is going to handle that… you?
[11:10:56] <mikesherov> I'll just make sure it syslogs, and then you'll configure it at a later date?
[11:11:03] <gnarf> yeah
[11:11:11] <gnarf> if it uses simple-log it's already most of the way there
[11:11:55] <mikesherov> OK, I'll switch to simple-log then.
[11:11:58] <mikesherov> Good to know
[11:13:59] <ryanneufeld> hola
[11:18:24] <ryanneufeld> did miss the meeting?
[11:19:19] <gnarf> ryanneufeld: you caught the end
[11:19:22] <gnarf> anything to add? :)
[11:19:43] <ryanneufeld> Only that during your absence I felt less useful than I could have
[11:20:00] <ryanneufeld> I'm not sure how to aleviate that in the future,
[11:21:00] <ryanneufeld> When scott_gonzalez and ajpiano wanted to launch api, I was clueless to how that was supposed to happen. It could be that I just forgot where the info was, or I just wasnt aware of the plans
[11:22:28] <ryanneufeld> And did we ever figure out what caused the load to spike on jq01 scott_gonzalez?
[11:23:14] <gnarf> ryanneufeld: talking about this week?
[11:23:27] <gnarf> ryanneufeld: traffic! api.jquery.com is one of the higher traffic sites
[11:23:45] <gnarf> see the link earlier about the cache time :)
[11:24:28] <ryanneufeld> Yeah, is that what it was?
[11:24:32] <ryanneufeld> I had assumed so
[11:24:43] <gnarf> ryanneufeld: and don't be afraid to call me and ask :)
[11:25:22] <ryanneufeld> Yeah, phoning to the US is expensive when you only have a Canadian cell phone :(
[11:25:44] <ryanneufeld> other than that I don't really have much to add
[11:25:46] <gnarf> ryanneufeld: damn borders... :/
[11:25:51] <ryanneufeld> gnarf: indeed
[11:26:04] <gnarf> ryanneufeld: i just logged in as jqdeploy and turned off email notifications
[11:26:14] <gnarf> so hopefully the mobile issues spam should calm down
[11:26:21] <ryanneufeld> thanks
[11:26:34] <ryanneufeld> I was losing important notifications in all the emails
[11:28:41] <gnarf> k catch you guys in one of the many channels then
